-----------
TUTORIAL 02
-----------

This is an introduction to bare-metal programming on Raspberry Pi using
C language. This module shows how to use the timer available on BCM2835. It
also shows how the GPIO library module can be reused and included here.

---------
Objective
---------

1- To explore timer facilities available on BCM2835
2- To understand how a simple free-running counter can be used for timing
3- To understand how a 'module' can be included in a multi-source project

----------
Background
----------

Timers are very useful to have - many applications appreciate having proper
timing in their execution. There are 2 timers that can be used on BCM2835 -
an ARM timer based on ARM's timer module SP804 and a system timer. The
ARM timer uses a derived clock signal that adapts to system performance
capabilities/requirements and therefore changes dynamically (e.g. slower in
low power mode). For accurate timing, the manual recommends using the system
timer.

The ARM timer can be utilized in two ways - setting the SP804-compatible timer
or getting lapsed time from a free-running counter. In this module, we will
focus on using the simpler method of using the free-running counter.

To test this code, we need to use the oscilloscope since square-waves with
milli-seconds period cannot be seen on LED etc. Find out the accuracy of the
ARM timer.

In a multi-source project, each source file (e.g. boot.s, main.c, gpio.c) will
generate an object file (usually with .o extension). The list of objects files
required by the application must be listed in the makefile (OBJLST variable)
for them to be included in the build.

--------
Contents
--------

All codes related to timer usage are in 'main.c'.

------------------
ThingsToThinkAbout
------------------

The free-running counter actually rolls over when it overflows and there is
no way this register can be reset. Find out if this affects the sample code
when the initial timer_read value is actually bigger that the next.

---------
Challenge
---------

See if you can extend the timer codes to include system timer. Write an example
application to test the functions you created. Also, try to compare the
precision of both timers.
